# Main Response
We thank the reviewers for their time and thoughtful comments. We address the common themes here, and also respond to each reviewer separately.

**While giving large improvements over other NeRF-based methods, our approach still underperforms state-of-art MVS methods in geometric accuracy on MVS benchmarks. Why pursue this direction, or why not incorporate MVS depth into NeRF?**

Though there is currently a large gap, we believe that NeRF can eventually surpass traditional MVS in geometric accuracy, due to its capacity to jointly optimize over photometric parameters, material models, camera pose, and regularized scene geometry based on a variety of observations including RGB and monocular inferred depth, normals, and semantic segmentation. Our work demonstrates effective techniques for regularization and incorporating monocular geometry estimates, but it will require at least several works collectively to fulfill NeRF’s potential, just as MVS approaches have been refined for many years.
We agree that incorporating MVS depth estimates could be an interesting direction to investigate. In our initial experiments, we tried using pre-fusion MVS depth maps as guidance to NeRF but found that noise in the low-texture regions led to more noisy reconstructions.  Depth maps rendered from post-fusion and surfacing could be more beneficial, but we chose not to pursue this direction for a few reasons. Including MVS as part of the solution for geometry estimation may obscure developments needed for a more purely NeRF-based solution. Using both traditional MVS and NeRF may yield better results in the short term, but it has disadvantages of being more complicated and computationally expensive than either alone.  
